along with the corned beef try making
the recipe for Coke hannon let's dish
host Chris kechi shows us how to make a
traditional Irish side dish colcannon is
an Irish side dish that's inexpensive to
prepare because it brings together
cabbage and potatoes to start it off we
cut up the cabbage by cutting through
the core of the cabbage in half and then
cut it into quarters like so all we have
to do is remove the tough core and then
dice up the cabbage make a couple cuts
turn it 90 degrees and then a couple
more cuts and it's ready to cook we're
going to take the cabbage and put it
into a pot along with some diced-up
peeled russet potatoes cover it with
water bring it up to a boil and cook it
until they're nice and tender when the
potatoes and cabbage are done drain them
and then in the same pot melt some
butter toss in some diced onions when
the onions are good and soft we're going
to put some warm milk into the pot along
with some green onions and then n goes
that cabbage and potatoes that we cooked
earlier and all we have to do at this
point is just like you're making mashed
potatoes we're going to smash this up
and that cabbage and potatoes will
soften into a puree at that point
colcannon is ready to serve with your
favorite meat or poultry whoo that looks
good to you can look for that recipe on
newsnet five or see the live well
network on our digital subchannel 5.2
for more on chris ket key